# 0x4248's Notebook

***
%%TO EDITOR: DO NOT REMOVE OR MOVE THIS FILE IT WILL BRICK THE SITE UNTILL MOVED BACK%%
## What is this site?

This site contains all my notes, tutorials, and other stuff that I find interesting. Think of this place as a mega wiki of all the things I find interesting and currently learning/researching. In short this is my digital garden or vault. 

This site is a merge of my old blog, wiki and obsidian vaults into one place. This new site is designed to be more user-friendly and easier to navigate. You can learn more about this vault on this page: [What is this vault?](What%20is%20this%20vault?.md). 

<div class="X42-card-container">
<p>Open source</p><p>All in Markdown (and HTML)</p><p>All free content (CC BY-SA 4.0)</p></div>

> [!warning]+ 🚧 Still under construction. 🚧
> Since this is a new vault as of 01-01-2025, it is still under construction. Please check back later for more content.

## Where to start?
I recommend starting in the `01 Areas` folder since that has most of the content. Or use a map at [[00 Maps/index|this page]]. Here are some also quick links to main pages: [[Computer Science topics]], [[01 Areas/Languages/index|Languages]], [[03 Projects/index|Projects]]
<div class="X42-star-break-line-container">
<hr>
<p class="X42-star-break-line">***</p>
<hr>
</div>

## Content Licence

<p style="font-size:x-large;text-align:center;margin:0;font-family:sanserif;"><i>Share your work - digitize a book - upload your files. Don't let our knowledge be crushed. Care for the libraries - care for the metadata - care for the backup. Water the flowers - clean the volcanoes.</i></p>
<p style="font-size:large;text-align:center;margin:0;font-family:sanserif;color:gray;">UbuWeb</p>

All the content on this site is licensed under `CC BY-SA 4.0`. The site is generated by [quartz](https://quartz.jzhao.xyz/) which is licensed under `MIT` `Copyright (c) 2025 Defender`. This version of quartz is slightly modified to work with my site better.

### I want to use your content, how can I do this legally?

Since the content of this vault is licensed under `CC BY-SA 4.0` you can use the content for free as long as you give credit to me. You can learn more about this license on the [Creative Commons website](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/). 

Here is an example of how to credit me:

```markdown
Content from 0x4248's Notebook. Copyright © 2025 0x4248, 4248 Media and Contributors.
```

Short example:

```markdown
CC BY-SA 4.0 © 2025 0x4248 .
```

In this vault there are also many images. All images in this vault are my own unless stated otherwise at the top of the file. You may see a banner saying "Non free content".

If you do use an image from my vault that I took or made please use the 4248 Media copyright or the 0x4248 copyright

```
Copyright © 2025 4248 Media, A division of 0x4248. Licensed under CC BY-SA 4.0.
```
## Languages
This vault is primarily in english, some pages are in other languages which are tagged with the language tag. For example the tag would be lang with the country code such as UK for Ukrainian or GR for Greek.

To find pages in Russian please search for the tag #Lang_ru. Чтобы найти страницы на русском языке, пожалуйста, найдите тег #Lang_ru. Поскольку я все еще изучаю язык, некоторые страницы на русском могут содержать неправильную грамматику.

## Tagging system
This vault works with a [[Tags|tagging system]]. This is to ensure that each page is categorised. Here are some of the main tags:
#Art #Blender #computer_science #Furry #Hardware #Languages #Linux #Music #Meta #Programming #Radios #Trains #Fleeting #Projects 
